Improve pricing strategy and services description (#1129)
2i2c-org/team-compass: organization/value-proposition.md

(mission:value-proposition)=
# Value proposition

The value [our service model](./service-model.md) provides to key stakeholder personas.

> We create a high-bandwidth connection between those who **develop** open technology, those who **operate** it, and those who **use** it. We only develop infrastructure that serves the communities we manage it for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create a high-bandwidth connection between those who **develop** open technology, those who **operate** it, and those who **use** it. We develop infrastructure that serves the communities we manage it for, and make those infrastructure changes widely available.
```

We also connect communities to each other, so a problem solved for one becomes a fix everyone shares, and we help funders invest in the open source they all rely on. Many groups can run a hub; the network we cultivate across these communities is what sets us apart, and the part we most want to grow.

> We deliver this value through [four areas of work](mission:service-model): **Operate**, **Build**, **Steward**, and **Connect & Advise**.

Reviewer 2: **Develop**, **Operate**, **Connect and Advise**, **Steward**

## For hub users (researchers, students, practitioners)

**Stop managing servers. Start doing your work.**

> Get instant access to the same interactive computing infrastructure used by leading research communities. Focus on your science, not the server.

Reviewer: thanks for removing "battle tested" 😆
